<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE refentry PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DocBook XML V4.5//EN" "http://www.oasis-open.org/docbook/xml/4.5/docbookx.dtd">
<?asciidoc-toc?>
<?asciidoc-numbered?>
<refentry lang="en">
<refentryinfo>
    <title>ges-launch-1.0(1)</title>
</refentryinfo>
<refmeta>
<refentrytitle>ges-launch-1.0</refentrytitle>
<manvolnum>1</manvolnum>
<refmiscinfo class="source">&#160;</refmiscinfo>
<refmiscinfo class="manual">&#160;</refmiscinfo>
</refmeta>
<refnamediv>
    <refname>ges-launch-1.0</refname>
    <refpurpose>Build and play a multimedia timeline</refpurpose>
</refnamediv>
<refsynopsisdiv id="_synopsis">
<blockquote>
<literallayout><emphasis>ges-launch-1.0</emphasis>  [-l &lt;path&gt;|--load=&lt;path&gt;] [-s &lt;path&gt;|--save=&lt;path&gt;]
                [-p &lt;path&gt;|--sample-path=&lt;path&gt;] [-r &lt;path&gt;|--sample-path-recurse=&lt;path&gt;]
                [-o &lt;uri&gt;|--outputuri=&lt;uri&gt;] [-f &lt;profile&gt;|--format=&lt;profile&gt;]
                [-e &lt;profile-name&gt;|--encoding-profile=&lt;profile-name&gt;]
                [-t &lt;track-types&gt;|--track-types=&lt;track-types&gt;]
                [-v &lt;videosink&gt;|--videosink=&lt;videosink&gt;]
                [-a &lt;audiosink&gt;---audiosink=&lt;audiosink&gt;]
                [-m|--mute] [--inspect-action-type[=&lt;action-type&gt;]]
                [--list-transitions] [--disable-mixing]
                [-r &lt;times&gt;|--repeat=&lt;times&gt;] [--set-scenario=&lt;scenario-name]</literallayout>
</blockquote>
</refsynopsisdiv>
<refsect1 id="_description">
<title>DESCRIPTION</title>
<simpara>ges-launch-1.0 creates a multimedia timeline and plays it back,
or renders it to the specified format.</simpara>
<simpara>It can load a timeline from an existing project, or create one
from the specified commands.</simpara>
<simpara>Updating an existing project can be done through --set-scenario
if ges-launch-1.0 has been compiled with gst-validate, see
ges-launch-1.0 --inspect-action-type for the available commands.</simpara>
<simpara>You can learn more about individual ges-launch-1.0 commands with
"ges-launch-1.0 help command".</simpara>
<simpara>By default, ges-launch-1.0 is in "playback-mode".</simpara>
</refsect1>
<refsect1 id="_options">
<title>OPTIONS</title>
<refsect2 id="_project_related_options">
<title>Project-related options</title>
<variablelist>
<varlistentry>
<term>
-l
</term>
<term>
--load=&lt;path&gt;
</term>
<listitem>
<simpara>
        Load project from file. The project be saved again with the --save option.
</simpara>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
<varlistentry>
<term>
-s
</term>
<term>
--save=&lt;path&gt;
</term>
<listitem>
<simpara>
        Save project to file before rendering. It can then be loaded with the --load option
</simpara>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
<varlistentry>
<term>
-p
</term>
<term>
--sample-path
</term>
<listitem>
<simpara>
        If some assets are missing when loading a project file, ges-launch-1.0 will try to
        locate them in this path. It is especially useful when sharing a project.
</simpara>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
<varlistentry>
<term>
-r
</term>
<term>
--sample-path-recurse
</term>
<listitem>
<simpara>
        Identical to --sample-path, but ges-launch-1.0 will also recurse in the subfolders
        to look for assets.
</simpara>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
</variablelist>
</refsect2>
<refsect2 id="_rendering_options">
<title>Rendering options</title>
<variablelist>
<varlistentry>
<term>
-o
</term>
<term>
--outputuri=&lt;uri&gt;
</term>
<listitem>
<simpara>
        If set, ges-launch-1.0 will render the specified timeline instead
        of playing it back. The default rendering format is ogv, containing
        theora and vorbis.
</simpara>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
<varlistentry>
<term>
-f
</term>
<term>
--format=&lt;profile&gt;
</term>
<listitem>
<simpara>
        Set an encoding profile on the command line. See ges-launch-1.0 help profile
        for more information.
        This will have no effect if no outputuri has been specified.
</simpara>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
<varlistentry>
<term>
-e
</term>
<listitem>
<simpara>
--encoding-profile=&lt;profile-name&gt;:
        Set an encoding profile from a preset file. See ges-launch-1.0 help profile
        for more information.
        This will have no effect if no outputuri has been specified.
</simpara>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
<varlistentry>
<term>
-t
</term>
<term>
--track-types=&lt;track-types&gt;
</term>
<listitem>
<simpara>
        Specify the track types to be created. When loading a project, only relevant
        tracks will be added to the timeline.
</simpara>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
</variablelist>
</refsect2>
<refsect2 id="_playback_options">
<title>Playback options</title>
<variablelist>
<varlistentry>
<term>
-v
</term>
<term>
--videosink=&lt;videosink&gt;
</term>
<listitem>
<simpara>
        Set the videosink used for playback.
</simpara>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
<varlistentry>
<term>
-a
</term>
<term>
--audiosink=&lt;audiosink&gt;
</term>
<listitem>
<simpara>
        Set the audiosink used for playback.
</simpara>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
<varlistentry>
<term>
-m
</term>
<term>
--mute
</term>
<listitem>
<simpara>
        Mute playback output. This has no effect when rendering.
</simpara>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
</variablelist>
</refsect2>
<refsect2 id="_helpful_options">
<title>Helpful options</title>
<variablelist>
<varlistentry>
<term>
--inspect-action-type=&lt;action-type&gt;
</term>
<listitem>
<simpara>
        Inspect the available action types that can be defined in a scenario set with --set-scenario.
        Will list all action-types if action-type is empty.
</simpara>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
<varlistentry>
<term>
--list-transitions
</term>
<listitem>
<simpara>
        List all valid transition types and exit. See ges-launch-1.0 help transition
        for more information.
</simpara>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
</variablelist>
</refsect2>
<refsect2 id="_generic_options">
<title>Generic options</title>
<variablelist>
<varlistentry>
<term>
--disable-mixing
</term>
<listitem>
<simpara>
        Do not use mixing elements to mix layers together.
</simpara>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
<varlistentry>
<term>
-r
</term>
<term>
--repeat=&lt;times&gt;
</term>
<listitem>
<simpara>
        Set the number of times to repeat the timeline.
</simpara>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
<varlistentry>
<term>
--set-scenario
</term>
<listitem>
<simpara>
        ges-launch-1.0 exposes gst-validate functionalities, such as scenarios.
        Scenarios describe actions to execute, such as seeks or setting of properties.
        GES implements editing-specific actions such as adding or removal of clips.
        See gst-validate-1.0 --help for more info about validate and scenarios, and
        --inspect-action-type.
</simpara>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
</variablelist>
</refsect2>
</refsect1>
<refsect1 id="_commands">
<title>COMMANDS</title>
<variablelist>
<varlistentry>
<term>
clip
</term>
<listitem>
<simpara>
        Add a clip to the timeline. See ges-launch-1.0 help clip for more information.
</simpara>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
<varlistentry>
<term>
transition
</term>
<listitem>
<simpara>
        Add a transition to the timeline. See ges-launch-1.0 help clip for more information.
        Note that transitions are automatically added between overlapping clips.
</simpara>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
<varlistentry>
<term>
effect
</term>
<listitem>
<simpara>
        Add an effect to an element or to the timeline. See ges-launch-1.0 help effect
        for more information.
</simpara>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
</variablelist>
</refsect1>
<refsect1 id="_authors">
<title>AUTHORS</title>
<simpara>GES and ges-launch-1.0 were started by Edward Hervey, and are currently maintained by Thibault Saunier
and Mathieu Duponchelle.</simpara>
<simpara>If you have a clone of gst-editing-services, the output of git shortlog and git blame can show
you the authors for specific parts of the project.</simpara>
</refsect1>
<refsect1 id="_reporting_bugs">
<title>Reporting Bugs</title>
<simpara>Report bugs to the gstreamer bugzilla <ulink url="https://bugzilla.gnome.org/enter_bug.cgi?product=GStreamer">https://bugzilla.gnome.org/enter_bug.cgi?product=GStreamer</ulink>
and choose the "gst-editing-services" component.</simpara>
</refsect1>
</refentry>
